I want my generator and discriminator to take in
some input that's going through some hidden layers and finally a fully-connected layer.
So here's my solution,
starting with my discriminator.
Here, I've defined the three different hidden layers.
The first takes in an input vector of
a specified size and the outputs hidden_dim times four outputs.
This then moves to the next layer which reduces that by a factor of two,
to get hidden_dim times two number of outputs.
Then to the next hidden layer which produces our desired hidden_dim number of outputs.
Then I defined my final linear layer,
which takes in these hidden outputs and produces an output of some specified size.
In this case, this would just be a single value that
indicates whether an input image is likely fake or real.
Lastly, I've also defined a dropout layer here because it's
generally good practice to place these in-between linear layers.
All right, so all my layers are defined in the unit function.
Now, to my forward function.
This will take in an input vector image x and
my first step will be to make sure that this is flattened into a vector shape.
So no matter if this discriminator sees an image array or a vector,
this view step ensures that it shaped into a vector of length 28 by 28 or 784 pixels.
Then I'm passing my flattened x to each of my hidden layers
and I'm applying a Leaky ReLU to the outputs of each of these hidden layers.
You can also choose to define a Leaky ReLU layer in the init function and apply it here.
Both are valid solutions.
This line should look kind of similar to a CNN,
in which we applied convolutional layers and ReLU activation functions in sequence.
This Leaky ReLU is just a way of reducing the size of
any negative outputs by multiplying them by some negative slope.
In this case, informed by the literature,
I want that slope to be 0.2.
Then I'm doing the same thing with my next hidden layer,
applying a dropout layer in-between each of my linear near
layers just to ensure that my network is likely to train each node evenly.
Then I get to my final linear layer, fc4.
I'm not applying any activation function here.
This is just going to give me the size of the output that I want, one value.
Later, when I calculate the loss during training,
I'll actually use bce with [inaudible] laws which applies
the sigmoid activation function to this output and converts this value to fake or real,
a value between zero and one.
I'm making sure to return this final processed value.
So this completes my discriminator.
On to the generator. Earlier, I mentioned that these models will look really similar.
In here, you can see that I'm still defining
three hidden layers of final fully-connected layer and a dropout layer.
Each of these layers is defined by either the input size,
hidden dim, or output size.
The main difference here is that the output of
each successive layer is getting larger rather than smaller.
So instead of going from an input image to a single classification value,
I'm actually going to be going from an input vector of some size,
our vector z, to an output vector that can actually be reshaped into a new image.
So this output size is going to be
784 values and my hidden layers are going from a small number of outputs,
hidden dim, to a larger number,
hidden dim times four.
So this looks very similar to
our discriminator model but with the layer behavior kind of reversed.
Instead of taking in an image as input,
we want our generator to take in a latent vector z and produce an image as output.
Then to my forward function,
I'm passing an input x,
which I expect to be a latent vector so I don't need to perform a flattening step.
Then I'm just passing this through my hidden layers in succession,
applying a Leaky ReLU activation in
the same way I did before to each of these hidden layers.
In between these layers,
I also have my dropout layer.
Finally, I get to my final fully-connected layer, fc4.
To this, I'm applying a tanh activation function which will
scale the outputs of this last layer to be values between negative one and one,
and I'm returning that final output.
This should complete my generator model.
Back to this reference image for a moment,
I just want to check that I've defined a discriminator that's prepared to
see either an MNIST training image or a generated image as input.
I want it to produce one value indicating whether an image is real or fake.
I defined a generator that can take in a vector z of some specified size and will
produce some output pixel values in a range from
negative one to one that can be shaped into a new image.
Perfect. Now, the next step is to
instantiate these two models with the correct parameters,
which I'll go over next.